com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Model/Appointment.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Model.Appointment
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.BuildConfig
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Model/User.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Model.User
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Model/Notification.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Model.Notification
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Model/IDOFTHEADMIN.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Model.IDOFTHEADMIN
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.LoginActivity
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.LoginActivity$3
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.LoginActivity$4
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.LoginActivity$5
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.LoginActivity$5$1
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/DashboardActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.DashboardActivity
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/SplashScreenActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.SplashScreenActivity
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.SplashScreenActivity$1
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/UserDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.UserDetailsActivity
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Adapter/AppointmentAdapter.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Adapter.AppointmentAdapter
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Adapter.AppointmentAdapter$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Adapter.AppointmentAdapter$1$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Adapter.AppointmentAdapter$1$1$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Adapter.AppointmentAdapter$1$1$1$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Adapter.AppointmentAdapter$1$1$2
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Adapter.AppointmentAdapter$1$1$2$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Adapter.AppointmentAdapter$1$1$2$1$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Adapter.AppointmentAdapter$2
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Adapter.AppointmentAdapter$3
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Adapter.AppointmentAdapter$4
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Adapter.AppointmentAdapter$5
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Adapter.AppointmentAdapter$6
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Adapter.AppointmentAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/NotificationsActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.NotificationsActivity
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.NotificationsActivity$1
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/ForgotPasswordActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.ForgotPasswordActivity
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.ForgotPasswordActivity$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.ForgotPasswordActivity$1$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.ForgotPasswordActivity$2
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/DoctorsActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.DoctorsActivity
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.DoctorsActivity$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.DoctorsActivity$2
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.DoctorsActivity$2$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.DoctorsActivity$2$1$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.DoctorsActivity$MyViewHolder
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/PatientsActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.PatientsActivity
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.PatientsActivity$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.PatientsActivity$2
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.PatientsActivity$2$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.PatientsActivity$2$1$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.PatientsActivity$MyViewHolder
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/SelectRegistrationActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.SelectRegistrationActivity
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.SelectRegistrationActivity$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.SelectRegistrationActivity$2
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.SelectRegistrationActivity$3
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/ProfileActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.ProfileActivity
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.ProfileActivity$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.ProfileActivity$10
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.ProfileActivity$10$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.ProfileActivity$11
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.ProfileActivity$2
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.ProfileActivity$3
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.ProfileActivity$4
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.ProfileActivity$5
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.ProfileActivity$6
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.ProfileActivity$7
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.ProfileActivity$8
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.ProfileActivity$9
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/DoctorRegistrationActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.DoctorRegistrationActivity
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.DoctorRegistrationActivity$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.DoctorRegistrationActivity$2
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.DoctorRegistrationActivity$3
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.DoctorRegistrationActivity$3$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.DoctorRegistrationActivity$3$1$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.DoctorRegistrationActivity$3$1$2
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.DoctorRegistrationActivity$3$1$3
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.DoctorRegistrationActivity$3$1$3$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.DoctorRegistrationActivity$3$1$3$1$1
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/MainActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.MainActivity
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.MainActivity$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.MainActivity$2
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.MainActivity$3
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.MainActivity$4
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.MainActivity$5
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.MainActivity$6
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.MainActivity$7
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/AssignDoctorToPatientActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AssignDoctorToPatientActivity
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AssignDoctorToPatientActivity$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AssignDoctorToPatientActivity$1$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AssignDoctorToPatientActivity$1$1$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AssignDoctorToPatientActivity$1$1$2
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AssignDoctorToPatientActivity$1$1$2$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AssignDoctorToPatientActivity$1$1$2$1$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AssignDoctorToPatientActivity$MyViewHolder
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/PatientRegistrationActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.PatientRegistrationActivity
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.PatientRegistrationActivity$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.PatientRegistrationActivity$2
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.PatientRegistrationActivity$3
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.PatientRegistrationActivity$3$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.PatientRegistrationActivity$3$1$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.PatientRegistrationActivity$3$1$2
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.PatientRegistrationActivity$3$1$3
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.PatientRegistrationActivity$3$1$3$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.PatientRegistrationActivity$3$1$3$1$1
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Adapter/NotificationAdapter.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Adapter.NotificationAdapter
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Adapter.NotificationAdapter$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Adapter.NotificationAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/AllAppUsersActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AllAppUsersActivity
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AllAppUsersActivity$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AllAppUsersActivity$2
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AllAppUsersActivity$2$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AllAppUsersActivity$2$1$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AllAppUsersActivity$MyViewHolder
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/MakeAppointmentActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.MakeAppointmentActivity
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.MakeAppointmentActivity$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.MakeAppointmentActivity$2
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.MakeAppointmentActivity$3
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.MakeAppointmentActivity$4
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.MakeAppointmentActivity$5
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/AdminLoginActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AdminLoginActivity
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AdminLoginActivity$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AdminLoginActivity$2
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AdminLoginActivity$2$1
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AdminLoginActivity$2$1$1
com/example/hospitalmngtapp/Activities/AboutAppActivity.java
 com.example.hospitalmngtapp.Activities.AboutAppActivity
